By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions
Agree
Invest
How ADDX Works
Learn
About
For Wealth Managers
中文
Log in
Sign up
Invest in private markets and alternatives with
no recurring fees.*
Enhance and diversify your portfolio returns with private markets and investment alternatives without recurring subscription fees. Pay only when you invest.
*We may only charge a single non-recurring ADDX fee for each subscription you make. Other fees may be charged by other parties in respect of your investment
Become an investor
ADDX in 2 minutes
LICENSED & REGULATED BY
Monetary Authority of Singapore
IS27-2022-0128
TÜV SÜD Certificate
ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certified
>$1BN
Raised on platform
80+
Nationalities of investors
$5,000
Minimum initial investment
>50
Investments
THE INSTINCTIVE CHOICE
Private markets
consistently
outperformed.
For the past 20 years, private market investments have seen an outstanding track record.
Investments in Private Equity have outpaced their public market equivalents every year since 2000, by an average of 10% more returns.
What was once a fringe interest is now expanding rapidly as more investors gain access to private markets.
Past performance is not indicative of future performance. More details here
DIVERSIFY TO ENHANCE YOUR PORTFOLIO
The answer to a
modern portfolio.
The traditional 60/40 stocks-bonds portfolio allocation just won’t cut it anymore. These portfolios can only expect 1.5% in real returns.
Your portfolio should be balanced with a mix of public and private market investments to be set up for better outcomes, with 30% allocated to private markets.
It's a strategy made for the modern world, whether your financial goals lie in building your wealth for now, or for the future.
Source: KKR: Regime Change: Enhancing the ‘Tradtitional’ Portfolio, 2022. Past performance is not indicative of future performance. More details here
INVESTING DONE YOUR WAY
Pick the right strategies
for your goals.
Get in the driver’s seat of your financial journey. Pick from varying investment strategies that fulfill different goals, from savings, retirement to legacy planning.
Income
Investments that aim to generate income through recurring distributions
Target returns
Up to
8%
+
Balanced
Investments that aim to generate returns through both capital appreciation and income distributions
Target returns
Up to
12%
+
Growth
Investments that aim to generate returns through capital appreciation, and do not distribute income
Target returns
Up to
18%
+
Invest in fractions and build a holistic portfolio.
HOW ADDX WORKS
Private markets.
Reinvented.
ADDX is constantly transforming private markets. Today, you can build a portfolio for the modern world, diversified with a range of wealth-generating opportunities, all on a regulated platform.
Invest with lower minimums
Access private markets in fractions, starting from $5,000.
Invest in smaller amounts, to diversify into more opportunities and balance risks and rewards.
Enter and exit anytime
Trade and cash out as little as $100 anytime.
Reclaim the control and freedom to decide where your next investment goes, whenever your goals change.
Diversify and balance
Select from a wide range of world-class opportunities to invest in, on one platform.
Harness the returns generated from a variety of top-tier fund managers and strategies, to build a balanced and resilient portfolio.
Get started
Partners Group
Global Value SICAV
Investing in a globally diversified, open-ended private equity fund.
Asset Class
Private Equity
Target Returns
11-15%
Region
Global
Min. Investment
USD 5,000
iQuant Fund
(Series 1)
A feeder fund into top-ranked macro hedge fund Quantedge Global Fund.
Asset Class
Hedge Funds
Target Returns
>15%
Investment Horizon
6-10 years
Min. Investment
USD 50,000
CGS-CIMB
Commercial Paper Series 006
Invest in commercial paper at an interest rate of 2.8% p.a. from a MAS licensed entity from SGD 20,000.
Asset Class
Cash Alternatives
Target Returns
<5%
Investment Horizon
<1 year
Min. Investment
SGD 20,000
Access world-class opportunities, with renowned investment managers.
ADDX partners with some of the biggest names in the industry, so you can create portfolios with a range of unique investment strategies.
Explore all investments
ADDX has one mission: Making investing fairer for you. When you access private markets, you can build a truly resilient portfolio.
Oi-Yee Choo
Chief Executive Officer of ADDX
Meet the team
START YOUR JOURNEY HERE
Take control of your financial goals, build your portfolio today.
Set up your account within 10 minutes, and start turning that vision of your financial future into reality.
Create your account
Gather insights from private markets professionals
Read the latest market insights and reports or watch our webinars hosted by speakers from the industry and exclusive guests from prominent investment managers.
REPORT
Private credit: Senior debt in 2 minutes
JUL 27, 2023
REPORT
Hedge funds – is now the time?
JUN 9, 2023
WEBINAR
Building a Resilient Portfolio through Non-Traditional Investments
JUN 1, 2022
REPORT
Is my money safe with ADDX?
APR 13, 2023
WEBINAR
A Veteran's Perspective: World class private equity investing with KKR
JAN 27, 2022
Are you a Wealth Manager?
Tap into the ADDX Advantage and offer the access to private markets to your clients.
Learn more
Frequently asked questions
What is ADDX? How does it work?
How do I qualify to open an ADDX account?
Are there any country restrictions to signing up an account with ADDX?
Do I need to pay fees to sign up as an investor with ADDX?
Is ADDX safe?
Can’t find an answer? Visit our FAQs for more commonly asked questions or get in touch with us.
Contact us
ADDX
Raise Capital
FAQs
MEDIA
ADDX in the news
Press releases
LEGAL
Terms And Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Listing Rules
Exchange Rules
Community T&Cs
Promo Code Terms and Conditions
Cyber Security Tips
Regulatory Disclosures
Join our mailing list to receive our newsletter, investment and event updates.
Investors should note that investments in security tokens on the ADDX Platform are subject to investment risks, including the possible loss of the principal amount invested.
The ADDX Platform is established and operated by ADDX Pte. Ltd.. ADDX is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore as a Capital Markets Services licensee for dealing in capital markets products and providing custodial services and a Recognised Market Operator. Company Registration Number 202125312H. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
© 2023 ADDX. All rights reserved.