Products
Who We Serve
Resources
Company
Log In
Sign Up
The strongest foundation in crypto
BitGo provides regulated custody, financial services, and core infrastructure for investors and builders alike.
Connect With Us
Who we serve
Our customers fall into two key categories:
Investors
A wide variety of firms – from family offices to hedge funds to market makers to banks – safeguard and deploy their assets via BitGo.
Builders
Exchanges, retail aggregators, platforms, and crypto startups depend on BitGo to power their infrastructure, manage custody, and access liquidity.
Trusted by:
Why clients come to BitGo
Our products fall into three major categories, allowing you to:
Secure your assets
Protect the keys to your crypto with the industry’s leading security technology. 
BitGo Trust Company also offers “qualified” custody – meaning we’re regulated and audited – with up to $250M in insurance.  
Deploy your capital
The goal isn’t just to hold assets, but to put them to work. 
BitGo lets you deploy your funds in a number of ways – from DeFi to classic prime services – depending on your risk tolerance. 
Build platforms
Deliver more for your own users without needing to hire additional blockchain engineers. 
Exchanges, retail aggregators, and software companies use BitGo’s wallet and API technology to power their back-end systems. 
What sets us apart
When it comes to crypto, not all custody is created equal.
Comprehensive solution
Choose from a full suite of options to hold and deploy your assets. 
Some custodians offer hot or custodial wallets – but not both – or lack options for you to put your funds to work safely. 
Qualified custodian
BitGo Trust Company, Inc serves as a qualified custodian, and likewise meets rigorous regulatory standards aimed at protecting client funds from loss or misuse. 
Many “custodians” aren’t actually regulated. Rather, they ask you to simply trust that your funds will be safe.
Established leader
BitGo has been around since the early days of crypto and has successfully endured multiple crypto winters. 
We pioneered multi-signature technology, recognized as the industry standard in security, and complement it with our TSS solution. 
BitGo has invested the time and energy to bring the best financial tools from mainstream treasury management to digital currency, and it shows in the quality of their products and services.
Nejc Kodrič, Co-Founder and CEO, Bitstamp
Request a demo
Speak with our team to learn more.
Connect With Us
Institutional custody, staking, and trading.
Request Demo
Keep up to date with our newsletter.
Submit
We're committed to your privacy. BitGo uses the information you provide to us to contact you about our relevant content, products, and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, check out our privacy policy.
HOLD
Hot Wallets
Custodial Wallets
Self-Managed Cold Wallets
NFT Wallets
Collateral Management
Wealth Management
DEPLOY
Trading
Borrowing
Lending
Staking
DeFi
Go Network
BUILD
Wallet as a Service
Web3 Bridge
APIs
BUILDERS
Exchanges
Retail Platforms
Crypto-Native Firms
Developers
INVESTORS
Financial Services
Institutional Investors
Trading Firms
KEY PLAYERS
Coin Foundations
Governments
ESSENTIALS
Coins
Insurance
Wallet & Custody Guide
Blog
Webinars
Case Studies
Glossary
ADVANCED
Developer Portal
Whitepapers
Ethereum Wallet Management
Fork Policy
Billing Methodology
COMPANY
About Us
Newsroom
Careers — We’re Hiring
Legal
Privacy
Entities
HELP
Connect With Us
Support
Status
Bug Bounty
Accessibility
INQUIRIES
sales@bitgo.com
listings@bitgo.com
press@bitgo.com
support@bitgo.com
SOCIAL
All rights reserved.
No legal, tax, investment, or other advice is provided by any BitGo entity. Please consult your legal/tax/investment professional for questions about your specific circumstances. Digital asset holdings involve a high degree of risk, and can fluctuate greatly on any given day. Accordingly, your digital asset holdings may be subject to large swings in value and may even become worthless.
Please review our Legal Disclaimers.
NMLS ID # 1817802
If you are using a screen reader and are having difficulty using this website, please contact support@bitgo.com.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies