We value your privacy
We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.
Customize
Reject All
Accept All
Login







All trading activity on Bittrex Global has been terminated. Please log in and withdraw all assets.
Please note that any balances held in USD will undergo a 1:1 conversion to USDT. Please see this article for more information.
IMPORTANT UPDATE REGARDING BITTREX GLOBAL
It is with great regret that we announce that Bittrex Global has decided to wind down its operations. This decision was not made lightly, and we understand the inconvenience it may have on our valued customers.
UPDATED 4 DECEMBER
Effective Monday 4 December 2023, all trading activity on Bittrex Global has been disabled. Customers are now only able to withdraw assets as part of the winding down process.
All funds and tokens remain safe and secure on the Bittrex Global platform, and are available for withdrawal – in accordance with applicable law and our Terms of Service – at any time using the withdrawal facilities on the platform. All users are strongly encouraged to log into their account and withdraw assets as soon as possible.
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?
Trading Suspension – Trading on Bittrex Global was suspended as of Monday 4 December at 18:00 UTC. Your client relationship with Bittrex Global has been terminated and all activity on the platform – except the ability to withdraw – has been disabled.
Note on USD holdings [UPDATED 4 DECEMBER] – All remaining USD holdings are being converted 1:1 into a stablecoin (USDT), and will available for withdrawal in the usual way, subject to the Terms of Service and applicable law. Bittrex Global will cover all fees associated with the conversion. Click here to see more information about the upcoming conversion of USD to USDT.
Referral Programme – The Bittrex Global Referral program has been terminated. All rewards earned on trades have been paid out.
Promotions – All promotions have now ceased and all transactions are now subject to the standard Bittrex Global fee schedule.
Deposits – Do not make any deposits to our platform. We cannot guarantee that they will be received safely. If you do send a deposit, your funds may be permanently lost as a result of the attempted transfer.
Withdrawals – No deadline has currently been set for customers to withdraw funds. However, we strongly recommend that customers withdraw funds as quickly as possible, as a withdrawal deadline may be set by the liquidators at some point in the future.
Customer Support – Our customer support team will be available to assist with any questions or concerns during the transition process. Please create a support ticket at https://global.bittrex.com/Home/Support for assistance.
Data Protection – We take data protection seriously, and we assure our customers that their personal information will be handled in accordance with our privacy policy. If you have any concerns about your data, please contact our support team.
We will continue to provide updates and information through our official communication channels, including email and our social media channels. Please remember only to trust official channels, and be vigilant against scammers. We will never DM you first on Telegram, and we will never contact you from a personal email address or through a social media site’s messaging platform. We only use email addresses ending in @bittrex.li, @bittrex.bm, @bittrexglobal.com, or @bittrex.com; emails from any other email address are not from Bittrex Global. Read our support article on avoiding common social media scams.
We thank you for your understanding and cooperation during this time.
Please see a list of questions and answers about the wind-down process here. If you have any further questions, please contact our support team.
Support
Trading Platform Status
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Legal