Get in touch
Building the future of digital assets
PolySign develops state-of-the-art, secure, scalable infrastructure for financial institutions to fully leverage their digital assets.
Get in touch Learn more ⟶
The opportunity of a generation
Our mission at PolySign is to drive global use of digital assets by building best-in-class infrastructure that enables institutions to secure and transact in digital assets across the capital markets and payments sectors.
Proprietary blockchain technology
Leading blockchain architects Arthur Britto and David Schwartz designed PolySign's technology engine for securing digital assets. Their 3rd generation, proprietary, private blockchain technology is foundational to the development of digital asset infrastructure.
Groundbreaking security
PolySign is breaking new ground with patented, systemic security that enables best-in-class storage, transactions and payments.
Silicon Valley meets Wall Street
PolySign’s unique crypto-fintech team brings together luminaries in digital assets and technology, with proven leadership from financial services.
Jack McDonald
CEO
Previously CEO of Conifer Financial Services; grew AUA from $5B to $125B. Former UBS executive. Inducted into Global Custodian’s “Legends of The Industry.”
Tim Keaney
Vice Chairman
Retired Vice Chairman of BNY Mellon, Head of Asset Processing & Global Markets. Led organization of 25,000 people responsible for custodying 25% of global institutional assets.
David Schwartz
Board Member, Advisor
CTO and Chief Cryptographer at Ripple Labs. Co-designer of the XRP Ledger. One of the foremost civilian cryptographers in the United States.
Antoinette O’Gorman
CCO
Previously CCO at Ripple Labs, Former independent consultant with Promontory Financial Group, following 15 years in traditional banking at MUFG and HSBC.
Arthur Britto
Founder, President
Co-founder of Ripple Labs and co-designer of XRP Ledger. Ripple has grown to over $30B in assets in just 5 years.
Raising the standard in regulation and compliance
We aim to integrate with existing financial organizations and global markets, and rigorously embrace the highest standards for regulation.
Relationships come first
Our leadership team understands financial institutions from the inside out. We’re purpose-built to support them, and are dedicated to acting with integrity and trust throughout our entire relationship.
Custody at the core
We believe global growth and adoption of digital assets will only happen when they can be reliably secured. To realize the future of digital assets, PolySign developed our own institutional-grade custody solution.
Legal Notice
Get in touch
hello@polysign.io
Oakland, CA, San Francisco, CA & New York, NY
© PolySign, Inc. 2021