📣 Securitize App for iOS: Manage your holdings & receive portfolio updates on the go
Download in the App Store ➜
Invest
Learn
For Businesses
About Us
Log In
Access the most exclusive asset class in the world - private markets.
Create a free account and start investing in startup equity, funds, commodities, real estate, and more!
Invest in carefully vetted investment opportunities 
Primary Market
Secondary Market
View Primary Offerings
Due to regulations, we cannot proactively market securities to users in your country. However, you can view information about our issuers if you confirm your interest using the button below.
By confirming, you acknowledge that your request comes without being solicited or approached, directly or indirectly, by the issuers therein or any affiliate acting as an agent on their behalf.
Confirm Interest
Reject
Invest
FranShares
TNT Franchise Fund
A diversified portfolio of franchise locations from two award-winning franchises: Smash My Trash and Teriyaki Madness.
Invest
Securitize Capital
Hamilton Lane Senior Credit Opportunities Securitize Fund
Evergreen private credit fund seeking risk-adjusted returns, downside protection and attractive floating cash yield with added on-demand redemption and liquidity potential.
Invest
Securitize Capital
Hamilton Lane Equity Opportunities Securitize Fund V Global
Hamilton Lane’s flagship direct equity co-investment fund, invest alongside top-performing GPs.
View more opportunities
DEMOCRATIZING ACCESS TO PRIVATE CAPITAL MARKETS
Only a select few have had access to the private capital markets.
Securitize Markets is changing that.
Private markets are growing twice as fast as public markets
Global private equity net asset values have grown twice as fast as public market capitalization in the new millennium, a trend expected to continue. 

Companies are staying private longer than ever before
The average age of companies that went public in 2021 was 11 years, compared to four in 1999.
WHY SECURITIZE?
What makes us different from other platforms
WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT?
Democratizing access to alternative investments through tokenization
Digital Asset Securities, or security tokens, are digital representations of traditional financial products - like equity or debt.
BUILD YOUR PORTFOLIO
Start investing in 3 steps
1. Create your Securitize iD
Sign up to create your Securitize iD investor passport and pass a simple 4-step verification process to unlock access to Securitize Markets.

2. Fund your account
To start investing, easily fund your account with USD.

3. Start investing and build your portfolio
Participate in our unique investment opportunities, such as private company equity.

Invest
Primary Market
Secondary Market
Learn
FAQs
Fee Structure
Investor Onboarding
Transfer Agent Services
Thought Leadership
STO Guide
Blockchain Support
Digital Securities Protocol
About Us
News & Events
Press Center
Careers & Culture
Leadership
Investors
AppStore
Twitter
LinkedIn
Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
© 2022 Securitize, LLC
All rights reserved
info@securitizemarkets.io
Subscribe for updates
*:
Securitize Markets Fee Schedule
1:
American Investment Council: Correcting the Record – Private Equity Has Outperformed for Pension Funds and Other Investors
2:
Private markets come of age: McKinsey Global Private Markets Review 2019
3:
Forbes: How Alternative Investing Can Improve Your Portfolio
4:
There is no guarantee that a diversified portfolio will enhance overall returns or outperform a non-diversified portfolio. Diversification does not ensure against market risk.
Check the background of Securitize Markets on Finra BrokerCheck.

Securities are offered through Securitize Markets, LLC, (“Securitize Markets”) a registered broker-dealer and member FINRA/SIPC. Neither Securitize Markets, nor any of its affiliates provide any investment advice or make any investment recommendations to any persons, ever, and no communication through herein or in any other medium should be construed as such. Securities offered on the Securitize Markets ATS have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. Assets listed herein, such as digital assets or tokens using blockchain, are speculative, involve a high degree of risk, are generally illiquid, may have no value, have limited regulatory certainty, are subject to potential market manipulation risks and may expose investors to loss of principal. Investments in private placements, start-up investments in particular, are also speculative and involve a high degree of risk. Investors must be able to afford the loss of their entire investment. Eligibility to buy and sell securities on the Securitize Markets ATS is determined by Securitize Markets in its sole discretion. Offers to sell, or the solicitations of offers to buy any security can only be made through official offering documents that contain important information about risks, fees and expenses associated with the applicable securities available for trading on the Securitize Markets ATS. Investors should conduct their own due diligence, not rely on the financial assumptions or estimates displayed herein, and are encouraged to consult with a financial advisor, attorney, accountant, tax advisors, and any other professional that can help you to understand and assess the risks associated with any investment opportunity. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any federal or state securities commission or regulatory authority has recommended or approved any investment or the accuracy or completeness of any of the information or materials provided herein or through any references/links herein. Any financial projections or returns shown herein are provided by the issuer of the relevant security and Securitize Markets has not verified the accuracy. Further, there can be no assurance that any valuations provided by issuers are accurate or in agreement with market or industry valuations. Securitize Markets and its affiliates make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy of such information. Securitize Markets may collect certain information about you that helps us comply with various securities regulations and rules and the USA PATRIOT Act, a Federal law that requires all securities firms to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each applicant. The information also helps us more fully understand your investment profile and identify what types of investments or strategies may be suitable for you. The term “Investors” used on this website, typically refers to accredited investors where applicable. Please note: if we cannot verify the information you provide, we may be required to restrict or deny your account. Trading during Extended Hours Trading Sessions carries unique risks, such as greater price volatility, lower liquidity, wider bid/ask spreads, and less market visibility, and may not be appropriate for all investors. There is no guarantee that a diversified portfolio will enhance overall returns, outperform a non-diversified portfolio, or prevent against loss. By accessing this site and any pages thereof, you agree to be bound by our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.