The securities have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended or with any other regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States or Canada and (i) may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or Canada, or to, or for the account or benefit of any U.S. Person or Canadian, and (ii) may be offered, sold or otherwise delivered at any time only to transferees that are Non-United States Persons and Non-Canadians.
Products
Platform
Learn
About us
Invest now
The gold standard for blockchain-based finance
Trade real world assets
(RWAs) on chain today.
100% asset-backed.
Regulatory compliant.
Invest now
Stocks
BLK
BlackRock
Invest in BLK.
Earn yield & rewards
Buy now
Stocks
COIN
Coinbase Inc.
Invest in COIN.
Earn yield & rewards
Buy now
Stocks
NVDA
Nvidia
Invest in NVDA.
Earn yield & rewards
Buy now
Stocks
MSFT
Microsoft
Invest in MSFT.
Earn yield & rewards
Buy now
$5,040,000
Total Value Locked in Swarm Protocol






Privacy Information
We and our 16 third-party vendors use technologies (e.g. cookies) to store and/or access information on user's devices in order to process personal data such as IP addresses or browsing data. You may consent to the processing of your personal data for the listed purposes below. Alternatively you can set your preferences before consenting or refuse to consent. Please note that some vendors may process your personal data based on their legitimate business interest and do not ask for your consent. To exercise your right to object to processing based on legitimate interest please view our vendorlist. You can change your privacy settings or withdraw your consent at any time by clicking on our Privacy Button.
Privacy Policy
Legal Notice
Vendorlist
Manage Settings
Purposes
Store and/or access information on a device
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Measure advertising performance
Develop and improve services
Features
Use precise geolocation data
Non-IAB Purposes
Marketing
Functional
Essential
Statistics
Save Settings
Accept all
Powered by 
Usercentrics Consent Management